"azurerm_data_factory_pipeline" - supports "concurrency", "elapsed_time_metric_duration" and "run_dimension" (#12685)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_factory_pipeline.html.markdown

* `annotations` - (Optional) List of tags that can be used for describing the Data Factory Pipeline.

* `concurrency` - (Optional) The max number of concurrent runs for the Data Factory Pipeline. Must be between `1` and `50`.

> * `elapsed_time_metric_duration` - (Optional) The TimeSpan value after which an Azure Monitoring Metric is fired.

Reviewer: this property doesn't match the description
```suggestion
* `moniter_metrics_after_duration` - (Optional) The TimeSpan value after which an Azure Monitoring Metric is fired.
```

* `activities_json` - (Optional) A JSON object that contains the activities that will be associated with the Data Factory Pipeline.

> * `run_dimension` - (Optional) One or more `run_dimension` blocks as defined below.

Reviewer: what is a run dimension?

---

A `run_dimension` block exports the following:

> * `name` - The name of run_dimension.
> 
> * `value` - The value of run_dimension.
> 

Reviewer: could we not have a _ in the sentance?
```suggestion
* `name` - The name of the run dimension.

* `value` - The value of the run dimension.

```

> * `dynamic_value_enabled` - is dynamic expression enabled for value?

Reviewer: what is a dynamic value?
